hello and welcome to another vlog it's
going to be another busy week this week
as always today I'm going off to Ely for
my first ever wearing race off the cam
which I'm not going to lie I'm extremely
nervous for I just feel pressure I don't
want to let the crew down but the good
news is the river Ely is straight so
there's no corners so minimal chances to
crash I've got about an hour until I
need to be ready to cycle to the train
station to get the train to Ely so it
should be a good day that it's exciting
I was training in Ely yesterday so I do
know the river like I've seen it
yesterday so it's not completely new but
I was still so nervous like guys we know
what happened in my rowing race last
time like I crashed into the bank like
it was absolutely awful so as long as I
don't do that this time it should be
fine it does mean I'm taking time off
work that I probably can't afford to
take off but like you've got to make
time for fun things here as well so it's
fine I'm going to do work this evening I
did work yesterday evening I've got all
this waves and oscillations practice
questions to hand in for my supervisor
to mark so I'll be off anyway so the
first stop is the library I reckon the
Sun is out today which is nice it's
supposed to be a bit windy but that's ok
we can deal with that as long as it
doesn't rain that's fine
my one issue with my new accommodation
this year is that it's farther from the
library it's much farther to walk it's
better paid lazy to have time for this
I've also calmed the rest of roundabout
route to the library ever Hey
it's a nice morning walk you know and
here is the Kwok computer room in the
Jesus library the reason I was going to
the library was to print off my race
plan for my rowing race later that day
as you can see it's not very busy on a
Sunday morning this is the point where I
have to actually be able to work
computers and Printers I'm not usually
very good at this computer isn't even
turning out the moment Oh display is
going to sleep no don't do that don't do
that oh I think I just turned it on I
can see one over there that's one
already this is how bad I am at tech
realistically it's actually a joke hey
look this one's on Shirley Shirley I
can't do this okay
I'm signing in
so I've had success in printing off my
bits for the race
I even refilled the printer paper tray
myself like the printer ran out of paper
that's like I know what do i do as i saw
managed to figure out where it went in
the printer and still managed to print
my stuff so what an achievement for the
day next stop is the boathouse I was
dropping off a spare and lifejacket and
coaxing stuff okay so I've just dropped
all my stuff off at the boathouse and
I'll go so I go back to college take
change and then cycle to the station
and here I'm walking along the river in
Ely which is a city just north of
Cambridge we found out though that it
was quite a long walk from the train
station to the Boat Club where we were
based like come on I'm a Cox I didn't
sign up for exercise
here are some action shots of the rowing
race
fast forward a few hours later and
here's my crew after winning the race so
I've just got back into my room took a
while to get back the trains were odd
times and we were waiting for results
anyway we won the race it was good it
was good fun let me show you my little
ceramic pot that I got as a prize
it says Isle of Ely rowing club head
race I'm really glad I did it my first
race off the cam success now I'm feeling
awfully hot in this room because I've
got a lot of layers on and my radiator
is at full blast so I'm just going to
sort that out I'm also just gonna get
changed and quickly go get dinner from
CAF I reckon other people will be going
at a moment so I'm gonna round up from
people some people from the staircase
and go and here is what I had for dinner
that evening
I'm really happy except for cauliflower
in cap today and I've got a very healthy
portion of cauliflower
it's made my day I'm just facetiming my
parents here's my father
yeah our race went very well today we've
got a better time than some of the men's
crews I decided to give my room a little
bit of a tidy that evening so I ran
around and picked a few things up off
the floor it is very impressive how
quickly my room can become such a mess
[Music]
so why started this evening with full
intentions of getting work done turns
out it just hasn't happened you know I
was just exhausted and so I decided to
edit my video for this week instead
because I'm gonna have to do that at
some point this week anyway and it's
just kind of light stuff like it doesn't
take quite so much thinking as physics
questions so I opted for editing instead
which I actually quite enjoy but now I'm
going to bed got lectures tomorrow so
I'm now heading Starbucks between
lectures I usually go to the library but
like I'm just sitting there at the
lecture thinking I've got so much work
to do today
I need some sort of little boost and
like a big caramel latte table like spur
me on you know so that's what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna work unless the hour and
then head back to my next lecture you
know what guys sometimes you have to
just treat yourself
[Music]
okay so I'm done with lectures for the
morning I've just popped into boots to
buy shampoo because I ran out this
morning and it was a stroke I was like
ooh am I gonna wash my hair when I'm at
home you usually dead just be something
stop but what you knew how to remember
these things myself I'm just gonna whiz
back to college get a quick lunch from
Cass and then work through the afternoon
okay so I'm back from lectures here's my
takeaway which I'm just about to talk
into but onto the main situation right
now there's a wasp in my bathroom and
like I've just shut the door because I
can't oh my god it could escape under
the door I did not think of that who
dear I don't even know how I got in
there that I thought the bathroom window
was closed but apparently not so I'm
just about to go into the bathroom and
breathe it wish me luck
how's it gone I can't even hear it how's
it good again maybe it left the way it
came in I think it's around the corner
there I can't see it but it was flying
around the bathroom maybe it's gone I
couldn't hear something around that I
think it's around the corner is it wrap
no it's really not Paige I'm just gonna
leave that window open some may say that
that will just mean but like whatever if
they come in then I can get out I'm
gonna leave the bathroom door shut and
go eat my food scary times and with that
I ate my lunch then got back to work
[Music]
okay so I'm just breaking from work to
take this stuff back to the boathouse
it's literally just my cock's box and
bits from the race yesterday but it
should be a nice break you know like I'm
quite feeling a mid-afternoon cycle so
why not the river was so pretty when I
went to the boathouse I had to get a
clip of it so I finally got around to
putting my bike seat cover actually on
my bike so next time it rains I won't
get a wet bomb hopefully it's all good
news
and then I got back to my work for the
rest of my afternoon
[Music]
okay so I'm now heading to an evening
soup oh oh my god I can see to him how
my supervisors are up there in the
wooden dough so I'm gonna be quick I was
just finishing my dinner like it was a
bit too high at Christmas for more half
my dinner and then come straight to the
supervision evening see provisions are
quite nasty to be honest sometimes it's
Co any way you can fit them in okay
quick update I'm just handing in work my
hands are a bit full as you can see so
there's a bit of dodgy blogging going on
but oh well and then I've got a cycle
over to my lab okay work handed in over
to the bikes cycling over to West
Cambridge lab till 5:45 and then I'll
probably see you again then it's
supposed to be a really horrible lab
today like everyone that's done it
already has said it's horrible so I'm
just gonna go into it give it my best
shot and then I've got quite a bit of
work to do this evening well let's see
if my bike seat covers work Emma good
yeah it has rained
oh my bike seat is not way cuz there's a
cover on it
ah this is great okay so I just got back
from my lab it's like past six o'clock
the lab was oh
the lab was just me but it was as
expected you know like I knew what was
coming
I'd heard things about this lab I'd
heard it was gonna be bad so I wasn't
really surprised when it was really time
pressured it's not that hard it's just
so time pressured so I did like as much
as I could and now I'm back I'm going to
go grab dinner and then get on with some
math questions I'm gonna have a break
and eat my dinner first cuz I need it
because I've been going for a very long
time my lunch break was literally 15
minutes we did not have any more time
than that for lunch I've never eaten a
salad so fast in my life hello so I have
just had my food we are in a pool today
because
so not that I'm joined by Eddington we
did have another new job any left and in
doing so he forfeited his parents in the
book so really not much to update you on
life just eaten my food these guys are
from reading Harry Potter fanfiction
you are hankering was the court Harry
Potter in a large pile of ass you'll
[Music]
find it very funny so I'm sure okay so
I'm gonna get ready for bed really
quickly now it's past 11:00 and I'm up
at 544 because I've got rowing outing
tomorrow morning and yes I'm aware
that's probably not enough sleep but
just don't judge me I'm gonna get more
sleep like future nights in the week
like I'll have a nap tomorrow afternoon
or something it'll be fine
but yeah I'm gonna get to bed as quickly
as possible now I'm looking forward to
my rowing outing tomorrow because I've
just seen that we're using the really
fancy boat when I say really fancy it
just looks fancy it's black not white
I'm so excited
I've never used this boat before but
then I'll feel the pressure because it's
like the newest one that the Boat Club
has so if I crash it that would not be
good I would be in trouble so you know
lots of pressure on me and whatnot but
if we are actually going out on this
boat that's very exciting okay so I just
go back for my rowing outing it was
really cool to be in the fancy boat
actually like I can't believe they
actually trusted me with that I was on
edge all outing like I could not crash
this boat this boat must not touch
anything this boat must be kept pristine
so they'll stress there but it was fine
didn't crash I've agreed to another
outing this week so I'm now doing four
outings this week um I don't even know
if I have time for that but like I feel
bad if I say no because oh my god
it's escalated so much this term at the
start of term I was like I want to do a
little bit of coaxing but not too much
no minimal commitment got lots of work
to be doing got lots of YouTube to be
sorting so like I started off with what
two outings a week now I'm up to four
outing the week and uncock Singh w1 the
first woman's boat which is quite a lot
of pressure because they're all quite
good at rowing and I'm not that great at
thing like I obviously try but like
I feel like my Singh level is like
no I don't match their bowing level and
like I feel like they've kind of been
lumped with me basically coaxing them
because there's not many Cox's at Jesus
who are in this term so I've kind
of like made some sort of meteoric rise
from like the lowest boat last term to
the top boat this time I just don't want
to let people down you know so I'm just
gonna keep going at it I'm gonna really
put national even be talking to you guys
I've literally got 15 minutes to get
myself showered changed and off to
lectures on each hand and work on the
way it all is going well all's going
well alrighty so it's now mid-afternoon
and I have just got myself some coffee
the most exciting part some chocolate
cake I've just had a big major panic
because I suddenly realized my physics
lab report for this term is doing at the
end of this term rather than the start
of next term so I thought I had like the
whole Christmas holiday to write this
report I was not even worrying about it
I was like this is fine I know just came
through like okay so the deadline is the
third of December and I'm like you what
I stopped myself down and thinking about
it that's fine I can fit that in like
it's not going to take me that long to
my report the limit is three thousand
words anyway and they said like some of
the best reports are also like 1,500 to
2,000 words long so we're going to go
for a nice concise report so this
morning's been ok lectures have been
fine I'm trying to calm myself down now
I've got myself in a bit of a tears this
time feel like I'm in a constant state
of panic and stress overwork and it's
just not necessary really
there's be realistic look of actually
keeping up find this term
compared to last year I'm keep probably
keeping up way better I reckon I think
just because this year I'm I've got this
kind of mindset I want to get everything
perfect whereas I didn't have that last
year I kind of just like thought about
things last year was like me whereas
this year like I really want things
perfect and I think cuz I'm not getting
them perfect it's stressing me out even
so I'm still like doing better than I
was last year but like last year I was
carefree this year I'm like I want to
get this stuff down I mean we don't need
perfection we just need a good
understanding of the stuff oh my god
this cake is amazing it was going free
in the kitchen downstairs and you have
no idea how happy I wasn't Essaouira
I was like is this cake free for us to
help ourselves to and it was it's like
the universe knew that I needed
something to get me through I'm supposed
to start my like new healthy eating diet
today unless I was like I'm gonna eat
way more in bed to get me through this
term I've been having a lot of junk food
before coming back to uni I was so
healthy over the summer like ask any of
my family any of my friends I was so
healthy I was having so much fruit so
much veg minimal takeaways I was just
being so healthy like that healthy
lifestyle you know oh it's just failed
me now I'm back at uni
so yeah I think it was gonna carry on
breaking eat my cake stay calm stay
she'll stop feeling sorry for myself
actually start working yeah so I've just
left college to walk to an afternoon
supervision I've had a really easy
morning but it was needed to recharge so
I don't feel too guilty and yeah it was
just such a nice light this morning you
have no idea yeah math supervision just
around the corner of college so I'm just
walking to that now
all right so I've just done the weekly
scenes were shot after my math
supervision it's always a convenient
time because my super visions are like
right next to Sainsbury's so I can come
out my super vision and go straight to
Sainsbury's I'm so here we are a lot of
the staircase are out this evening some
of them have gone to formal some of them
have gone to a chemistry drinks
presentation event thing and there's
only like a couple two or three of us
still in the staircase this evening I'm
just having a quiet evening getting my
work done I've got a rowing outing again
tomorrow morning and this time I want to
get an early night yesterday I was so
sleep-deprived like I was so so so tired
because I had gone outing in the morning
and I'd stayed up really really late the
night before it was stupid
so tonight I'm getting a really really
early night I'm gonna pray that the rest
of my staff is don't wake me up when
they come back in yeah good luck with
that one page I might message the group
chat and just say in advance guys can
you creep back into the staircase this
evening because I'm gonna be in bed
don't wake me up yeah my parents are
coming on Saturday because I'm going
skiing in two weeks and I need clothing
for skiing and any last bits and pieces
that I've got at home the ski trip that
I'm going on is the Oxford and Cambridge
of our city ski trip it happens every
year it's quite a big trip that's about
over 3,000 Oxford students are going on
this trip so it's a big trip so I've
been Joyce plan for Saturday snow wants
to know about that
rubbings great so I'm just trying on
stuff for skiing
my parents have joined me again making
another appearance they've brought up
stuff for me to wear while I'm skiing so
I'm just going to do a little full
length for you with me and here it is
jacket pink hat cuz we all know I love
pink these are summer pets and
underneath it's straps coming over here
and I'm ready to ski so I'm just heading
off to the boathouse for my rowing race
today should be good my parents are
gonna come watch me and then yeah we'll
go from that and here's me with my crew
rowing up to the start line of the race
and here is the actual race it was a
head race which means each crew rows the
course individually and they get timed
and the crew with the best time wins
okay so I'm back in my room after my
race it didn't go great guys I'm not
gonna lie like my calls were literally
all over the place the crew was a bit
all over the place but like I have
responsibility for them being all over
the place cuz I should have made calls
that made them focus and not be all over
the place but like I just didn't manage
it I took some of the corners too wide I
forgot to even call some of the rate
changes it looks like the time isn't
great like we don't have the time yet
but our coach timed it and he looked a
bit disappointed but you know onwards
and upwards we've got the big race in
two weeks time so now we know where we
are compared to all the other colored
crews and what we can work on
[Music]
okay so I have just got back to my room
I've come back to do some work exciting
news though I've just picked up my new
stash stash is clothing in like the
college colors so I go to Jesus College
and our colors of red and black and you
can get clothing without the Jesus logo
obviously I'm involved with folk club as
you might have gathered from earlier in
the video don't know if you know but I
cooks so I've ordered some stash from
the boot Club so it's got like JC BC
Jesus College Boat Club all over it so
let me show you what I've got it's just
arrived today it's all very exciting a
jcpc fleece because as a cooks I do get
quite cold while I'm sitting in the
front of the boat and the mornings are
quite freezing JC BC that's the Jesus
rooster some rowing blades in it but the
last thing that I've honored is this
actually I didn't order this technically
this came free with my order so get in
there it's a Boat Club neck warmer yeah
other than that I'm going to stop
procrastinating and get on with my work
okay so the results have just come
through for our race and we actually won
I know what like what that's crazy but I
think I think the up short of it is we
rode badly but the other colored cruise
road was so we did better than other
people um but no I don't know quite how
that happened
[Music]
Yuja has cooked dinner for the staircase
this evening so you'll be interesting to
see what he's cooked I have no idea what
I'm eating but I'm gonna head down now
before all the food goes
No
[Music]
hello everybody hi everyone welcome to
this week's military segment today also
thank you everyone for sending in
questions over on my Instagram for us to
answer while we do laundry okay
wallet I'm those with stuff from the
tumble dryer let's start with the first
question which is has noticed I've been
using his laundry as you can see well
from dryers now oh this is quality
content the next question for at the
laundry enthusiast is I'm enthusiastic
what instruments can i play
what you want to do after graduating
from uni / any career plans well what I
want to do is they'll have to work my
life but then you can just do what you
want them anyways I actually plan to
become a rock star
40 degrees that's not the right button
page especially tumble dry your own
place first really it warms the lovers
see this is how clue this ed is about
laundry in this is why I invite people
on my laundry segment so they can learn
how to do their laundry properly I've
learned nothing in fact I think I know
less now well you don't being invited
back to the laundry second and that's it
for another week thank you for joining
us doing laundry I'll see you soon for
another laundry segment next week thanks
for watching
Oh say good morning everyone it's now
Sunday morning and I'm just sitting here
doing some work while I'm in my dressing
gown because I'm comfortable in my
dressing gown I don't want to get up yet
although I'm going to have to get up in
a moment because I do have stuff to do
today but anyway I'm gonna end the vlog
here please do give it a like and
subscribe if you enjoyed it hit the
notification bell so you can see when I
next upload and I will see you soon with
another video bye
[Music]